Detailing audio file requirements (#8237)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/routing-calls-to-unassigned-numbers.md

- To route calls to unassigned Microsoft Calling Plan service numbers, your tenant needs to have at least one Phone System – Virtual User license.

> - The custom audio file supported formats are WAV (uncompressed, linear PCM with 8/16/32-bit depth in mono or stereo), WMA (mono only), and MP3. The audio file content cannot be more 5MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The custom audio file supported formats are WAV (uncompressed, linear PCM with 8/16/32-bit depth in mono or stereo), WMA (mono only), and MP3. The audio file content cannot be more than 5 MB.
```
